# Trial Exam:
IELTS Online Trial Exam

In this folder, you can find some codes which I and my teacher wrote while developing ieltstrial.com.
This Web Application developed for those who are planning to take official IELTS exams.Project developed for Roof Academic Training - ISO 9001-2015 certified education company specialized in language and international exams preparation.
Online IELTS trial exams are held regularly by the center in partnership with British Council Azerbaijan.These tests are prepared by specifically certified teachers.
As far as we know, this project is the first online IELTS Computer Delivered trial exam.We have tried to develop the exact same exam structure
that British Council gives for students who take the official exam.

# General structure of exam application:
Generally, exam is the same as the official computer delivered / paper based exam like IELTS.
Trial exams are held in every week.Questions are prepared by British Council Azerbaijan with the help of specifically certified teachers.
Students who want to test their skills before taking the official exam, firstly signing up for the website, answering few survey questions about themselves and then registering for the available exams.After the exam finished, students again answer few questions about their experience.
Exams regularly start in 10 AM and being active for the next 3 hours. Students who enrolled for the exam cannot start to exam until exam time starts.Also authorized people who check the control panel decide which students can participate in the exam. Exams are free for the Roof Academic Training students and paid for students who enroll outside the course.After reading instructions for every section, when students press "Start the section" button remaining section starts and the time that given for the section begins.If some student disconnects from the exam or accidentally closes exam tab then he or she can come back and continue where he/she left off.But because he or she pressed the "Start" button, the time will continue to decline, regardless of which time interval he or she was missing.That's why students must try not leave the exam after pressing the "Start" button.Exam starts with Listening section.Listening section lasts between 35-40 minutes.Every beginning of the part application gives 30 seconds for students to look at the questions.Then audio starts.After end of the audio's first 2.5 minutes, again application gives 30 seconds for students to look at the rest of the questions that reamin in the active part.After each part ends, applicaton gives 2 minutes for students to check their all answers in the following part.This structure happening in every part except part 4. Part 4 has no gap between beginning and end (like in the real exam).After listening section ends reading starts.In the future, we will bring categorized exams with some special offers.Along with that, we are planning to bring online support system, sample exam section to the homepage, students' profile section with his or her past exam results and etc. 
